README.md, before:

# Differ
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/e1f7bd5f2bd0f8c3c336/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/martishevich/project-lvl2-s369/maintainability)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/martishevich/project-lvl1-s368.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/martishevich/project-lvl1-s368)
## Help
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/4gPp1e88D3QvrWgv9A37hh8yh.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/4gPp1e88D3QvrWgv9A37hh8yh)
## Output diff from json
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/EdREM10YxtGQtweii9YK68mTW.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/EdREM10YxtGQtweii9YK68mTW)
## Output diff from yml
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/aHaOAPlZqYe7IrcoggjMUqTEm.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/aHaOAPlZqYe7IrcoggjMUqTEm)
## Output diff from ini
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/31uTN9pfW9vyAlvGk1c3CMACq.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/31uTN9pfW9vyAlvGk1c3CMACq)
## Output diff for nested files(json, yml, ini)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/Bu3YmGuPFLSABqrlaQp1CzKb0.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/Bu3YmGuPFLSABqrlaQp1CzKb0)
## Output diff for plain files
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/kMHMXSly0gs8sMo36RGWy78as.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/kMHMXSly0gs8sMo36RGWy78as)

Commit message:

add json format, publish package, add json example in readme

README.md, after:

# Differ
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/e1f7bd5f2bd0f8c3c336/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/martishevich/project-lvl2-s369/maintainability)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/martishevich/project-lvl1-s368.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/martishevich/project-lvl1-s368)
## Help
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/4gPp1e88D3QvrWgv9A37hh8yh.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/4gPp1e88D3QvrWgv9A37hh8yh)
## Output diff from json
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/EdREM10YxtGQtweii9YK68mTW.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/EdREM10YxtGQtweii9YK68mTW)
## Output diff from yml
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/aHaOAPlZqYe7IrcoggjMUqTEm.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/aHaOAPlZqYe7IrcoggjMUqTEm)
## Output diff from ini
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/31uTN9pfW9vyAlvGk1c3CMACq.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/31uTN9pfW9vyAlvGk1c3CMACq)
## Output diff for nested files(json, yml, ini)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/Bu3YmGuPFLSABqrlaQp1CzKb0.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/Bu3YmGuPFLSABqrlaQp1CzKb0)
## Output diff in plain format
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/kMHMXSly0gs8sMo36RGWy78as.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/kMHMXSly0gs8sMo36RGWy78as)
## Output diff in json format
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/qiasCDqWV04bCc2YraDz4s20t.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/qiasCDqWV04bCc2YraDz4s20t)
